(playful music)
- Hi everyone. Thank you
so much for tuning into
Cook with April.
Today, we're gonna make rosemary bread.
I make it with a bread
maker, stay tuned and you can
learn how to make your
very own rosemary bread.
First, start off by adding
one and a half cups of water.
Then, add four tablespoons of olive oil.
Next, add one and a
half teaspoons of salt.
Add four cups of white bread flour,
then add two table
spoons of dried rosemary
or even more if you like rosemary.
Then, add two and a
half teaspoons of yeast.
Place everything in the bread maker,
close it,
and put it to the two pound setting,
then the white bread
setting, and depending on how
you like your bread,
you can either have it
light, medium, or dark crust.
I like mine light so I have it on light,
and then I press start.
Your bread will bake for three hours
and twenty five minutes.
Okay, friends, so the bread is ready
and my hubby Dustin's
here to try it as always.
- Mm-mm. Alright, man.
- It might be hot.
- A little bit.
- Oh, that is so great, honey.
- Got crumbs.
- When you first started
making this rosemary bread,
I didn't know what to think of it but...
- Yea?
- ...ever since you've
started making this bread,
it's the only bread I ask her to make.
I mean, it's the only bread I wanna eat.
It's so good, it's so flavorful.
Thank you, honey.
- You're welcome!
So thank you, friends,
so much for watching,
and I hope you enjoyed.
Please tune in next Tuesday
for another episode of
Tasty Tuesday, and I've got a
special bonus video this week.
Stay tuned for that.
Have a wonderful day. Bye.
- [Dustin] Bye.
(playful music)